The start to be the best. Im try to start to learn english, so im gonna take this data for learn and make a mistake. I don´t know if i write that right, but im just testing. I want to be the better computer scientist in my country and in the world. I know is gonna be tough, but i´ll sacrifice all the things what i have to reach my goal. For that, im want to be a better person, have a good mentality, upgrade my body and help to another people. Be healthy its important, because for live a good life, without sickness and be strong you need to go way on your healthy. Eating good food, doing exercise, meditating and be critic with your life and yours situations. Be poor or have a disease is not the worst thing that can happen to you, in fact it could be better for you. Why? Because your spirit is empty, with a lot of space to full, obviously its not empty, because you got the values from yours mentors, but with the time you are gonna implement in your mind, another type of thinking, and with all that ways to think, you need to be critic and think what is the better mindset that you could implement in your life, when you find that way of think you´re going to fill your spirit and grow without limits. Always learn new things, ALWAYS. try, fail, suffer, be kind, be consistent and above all be patient and the success will arrive. Don´t suffer for women, its not the most important, people come and go all the time, concentrate in your goal and all the people are gonna to respect you and admire you. Always depending on your goal. Follow your dreams, love your job. the distractions can come after you complete your goals. First you need to know yourself to know another people.
real